# Participant Information Sheet

The University undertakes research as part of its function for the community
under its legal status. Data protection allows us to use personal data for
research with appropriate safeguards in place under the legal basis of public
tasks that are in the public interest. A full statement of your rights can be
found at
https://www.shu.ac.uk/about-this-website/privacy-policy/privacy-notices/privacy-notice-for-research.
However, all University research is reviewed to ensure that participants are
treated appropriately and their rights respected. This study was approved
according to the guidelines of the Teaching Programme Research Ethics Committee
of the College of Business, Technology and Engineering, Sheffield Hallam
University (SHU). Further information at
https://www.shu.ac.uk/research/ethics-integrity-and-practice.

This research is being carried out to attain feedback about the user experience
of RendezVous: a service for new and existing businesses to verify employee
attendance at 'job sites'.

You have been chosen for this study due to your personal experience working
on-location, e.g., as a bartender or merchandise salesperson at an event, as a
contracted labourer, etc. We believe this is a good basis to conceptualise how
you would use the application in your role, hopefully returning more relevant
feedback from users.

Your participation in this research is entirely your decision; the information
provided in this study is free to keep, and you can decline to answer and
questions if desired. You may also withdraw from the research at any point with
no reason required.

This research is a simple questionnaire to gather details of your experience
using RendezVous. General information, positive or negative, is always useful,
so there will always be the option to leave such comments. There may also be
questions about a specific feature of the application. You will be asked to
provide this feedback several times before the project's due date, 07/04/2022.
It should take around 25 minutes to experiment with the application and complete
the feedback form.

To protect your confidentiality, you will not be required to provide any details
which could uniquely identify yourself, such as a date of birth. Alternative
data will be collected instead, e.g., an age range. Only the project assignee
and supervisor will be able to access the research. Any/all research which is no
longer in use will be deleted permanently from the platform; this also applies
to any research left at the end of the project.

The feedback gathered from each round of questioning will be analysed for common
ideas, e.g., the font size is too small. Ideas will be implemented into the
application is deemed viable, and will be reassessed directly in a later
questionnaire, e.g., 'Could you comment on the change to the font size(s) in the
application?'

---

You should contact the researched (Josh) at b8022626@my.shu.ac.uk if:

- you wish to discuss your participation in this research
- you wish to enquire about the RendezVous application

You should contact the Data Protection Officer at DPO@shu.ac.uk if:

- you have a query about how your data is used by the University
- you would like to report a data security breach (e.g. if you think your
  personal data has been lost or disclosed inappropriately)
- you would like to complain about how the University has used your personal
  data

You should contact the Head of Research Ethics (Professor Ann Macaskill) at
a.macaskill@shu.ac.uk if:

- you have concerns with how the research was undertaken or how you were treated

Sheffield Hallam University <br> Howard Street<br> Sheffield <br> S1 1WBT <br>
Telephone: 0114 225 5555
